---
created: 2023-02-27 19:56 
modified: 2023-02-27 19:56
---
# Monday, February 27, 2023
<<[2023-02-26](2023-02-26.md) || [2023-02-28](2023-02-28.md) >>


# Life Management System

## Things to implement
- figure out how to import google calendar, maybe putting events in daily note
- how can I mark empty pages, danglers, and orphans to be filled out later?
- [[Most important Task]]
- Look up keyboard shortcuts for the side panels
- Time Tracker
- can I encrypt parts of the vault but not others?  personal/private or hidden but still backed up somehow? - Probably not.  The issue is that this would have to be done at the OS level. - Actually!  Look into [[Meld Encrypt]]

- make a template for missions - [Set up templates](Set%20up%20templates.md)
- make a button that takes you to today's note - Done!
- [[Obsidian Cheat Sheet]] - Implemented
- [[Quest Tracker]] - Implemented
- Task list aggregate ([[Obsidian Tasks]] syntax and options) - implemented but document
- [[Campaigns]] - Implemented
- [[Quick Links]] - Implemented
- [[Johnny.Decimal]] approach to categorization (consider [[PARA]] or others maybe?) - Implemented but knowledge documentation needed here
	- [[Mazlow's hierarchy of needs]]
- can I make it so that the links in the side panes open in the main tab area? - Solved!  [[Pin Notes To Sidebar]]
- [[Calendar plugin]]? - installed, we'll see if we use it
- need to move due dates and priorities for tasks into metadata for dataview (duplicating work is bad, hacky scripts are also bad) - solved, they use the same emojis so we should be okay
- Can I lock these side panel notes? - also solved by [Pin Notes To Sidebar](Pin%20Notes%20To%20Sidebar.md)
- Can I show the quest name above the tasks in the quest tracker? - Done!
- [[Pomodoro]] (or other style) countdown timers - implemented, will probably revisit
- template for daily note - done! [Daily Note Template](Daily%20Note%20Template.md)
- template for quests - Done! [New Quest Template](New%20Quest%20Template.md)
- [[Quickadd]] plugin? - Done!


## Things to flesh out
- think more about tags
- [[Character Sheet]]?


## [Workflow](Workflow.md)
